Use port's to value when building service address under 'alloc' addr_mode (#9739)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/job-specification/service.mdx

  service. The value of `port` depends on which [`address_mode`](#address_mode)
  is being used:

>   - `alloc` - Advertises the mapped to value of the labeled port and the allocation address.

Reviewer: For clarity and to match the tense of the other bullet points in this section:

```suggestion
  - `alloc` - Advertise the mapped `to` value of the labeled port and the allocation address.
```

>     If a `to` value is not set, the port fallsback to using the allocated host port. The `port`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If a `to` value is not set, the port falls back to using the allocated host port. The `port`
```
